 Yes, tell me. Yes, see what happens in the phylogram. This is the phylogram, okay? So what happens in the phylogram is that the normal phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. So what happens is that the phylogram is equal to the phylogram. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. his is our X and this is 180 upon 3 so this is 60 so this is 60 so this is 60 so this is 70 and this is 120 so now tell me when this is 70 this is also 120 so this is 60 so this is all angle ok clear? yes clear ok ok so what we do is number of side number of side number of side is equal to our formula is 316 into theta ok so we find this yes I wrote theta degree degree it is ok so we will take out side so it will be 360 upon 24 so write it so what will happen so we will do collision so 2 well 2, 2 well 3 15 how much 15 15 ok and there is next one also 4th one also how many side does regular this is 65 so interior so interior so what is interior formula so what is interior formula