 Hello, Dibyanthi. Good evening. Welcome to Philo. Good evening, sir. Dibyanthi, you have shared a question to me in which it is written If a is equal to i cap plus 2j cap plus 3k cap and b is equal to the i cap plus 3j cap plus 2k cap and c is the vector perpendicular to the b then you have been given an equation and you have also been given options on the basis of that So where do you have any doubt in this particular question? Is there any problem in a specific point or is there any doubt in the whole question? No sir, I solved the question but I didn't understand it. Okay, no problem. I will solve it. You can go and see. Wherever you have any doubt or you don't understand anything, you can ask us. So let's note down the parts of the questions. So, you have only one value. i cap plus 2j cap plus 3k cap vector i cap plus 3j cap plus 2k cap And we have been given a condition that vector c and vector b are perpendicular to each other. That's the important condition of your question. So how will we treat this question? We will solve the equation on the basis of that. I was told a dot b cross c divided by mod of b cross c whole square. Here b cross c is taken. Let me note down the parts. a dot b upon b square mod of b square plus a dot c upon mod of c square. So, we have been given this condition. So, first of all, we have to say that b and c are perpendicular to each other. We can write a condition here. What will be the condition if they are perpendicular to each other? We have a dot b cross c and this will be a scalar triple coder. Do you know this thing? Yes sir. Triple product. We were told that b cross c is perpendicular. So, what is the formula? b mod of bc sine theta. If sine theta is there, then you have this condition. If sine 90 is 1, then you will have bc. Or let me tell you this. These two are perpendicular to each other. So, the total value of the triple product will be 0. Are you getting this clear? Yes sir. Now, this part is 0. Now, the remaining part is the second part. Let's solve this. This part is 0. This part is 0. This part is 0. This part is 0. Now, we will calculate the number after this. First, we have to do a dot b. We have to do a dot product of a and b. We will do it on the side because dot product is easy. 2 multiplied by 1. So, we will write 1 multiplied by 2 plus 3 multiplied by 2. Now, we will multiply this. We have divided by b. So, mod of b. And we will take out the mod of b. So, what will be the mod? 2 multiplied by 4. 3 multiplied by 9. 2 multiplied by 4. Now, the value of this part is different. Let's write it separately. It will be easier to solve. So, you can understand it. This part is a dot b. Let's take out the mod of b. Mod of b squared. I will write the value of this directly. So, it will be 2 squared 4. 3 squared 9. 2 squared 2. So, 9 times 13 equals 17. So, the equation will be like this. 14 multiplied by 6. 6 multiplied by 12 equals 14. 14 multiplied by 17. And here, b will be left. Apply the value of b. Let's take out the value of this part. Let's put the value of b. So, the value of b is written here. Did you do something? 2i squared. 3 squared. Let's do.