 Good afternoon, welcome to Philo. Please share your question with us. Okay, you have sent me a message about it. Okay, which question have you got to ask? 14. 14. And the 14th question is that, two concentric cells of a mass m1 and m2 are having the radius r1 and r2, which of the following is the correct expression for the gravitational field on a mass mH? Field on a mass m. Okay, so we are getting down to solve this question. Okay, according to your question, there is a question is given. There are two cells, you can assume it there are two globes. First globe have the mass m1 and the second globe have the mass m2. Both have the different radius, first one has r1 radius and second has r2 radius. Now the question want to ask you, which of the following is the correct expression for the gravitational field on the mass m? Question want to ask you the gravitational field intensity at the mass m. Okay, so how we are going to approach for this question, it's very simple. And it is a basically question related to property, not a solution. It's only basically related to your property. We know that if I talk about the region, I will write here for region r is less than r1. Suppose if I talk about the region r is less than r1. Because your mass is here. So if first condition we can say that region for the r is less than r1. We know that in this condition net mass enclosed by elemental shape of radius r is 0. Because if this point is outside the point, so we can say that this for this particular condition the radius r is 0. The sorry, I will write here the complete condition because if I tell here that will create a problem for you to understand. I will write here net mass enclosed by elemental sphere of radius of r radius r is 0. We can simply write it because no any mass is there. So we can say here r will be 0. Now if I talk about the region and the region for I will write here if I talk about the region that is inside the sphere means r1 is less than r is less than r2. Suppose there are two circles, the first spherical is there and the second spherical is there. Now there may be three conditions for it. The first outside condition, second condition and third condition. For this there will be no intensity because it is outside. Now we are going to calculate this condition. This condition means inside the sphere. So if I talk about the inside sphere, so if I talk about the for this particular mass here then m1 mass. So we can simply write the intensity formula g m1 square and it is a condition for r2 less than r2. So that will be your intensity formula. So please check it. Is it clear to you or not? Please check it. Is it clear to you? No, I don't understand, sir. No, I don't understand. Okay. No problem. I should that here I have to do. Make sure it is there, sir. It is not clear, sir.