 Welcome to philo. Rohit you have sent me the question number 41 I think right. So the question is 10 as 4 sine square E dx plus cos square x is equal to pi then what will be the value of sine inverse x plus 4 cos inverse x is equal to pi. Where do you have doubt in this question? There is no doubt in this question. I will note your question. Let's see. Wherever you have doubt ask me. Question you have 4 sine inverse x plus zx is equal to pi. Question you want to ask is sine inverse x plus 4 cos inverse x is equal to what will happen? This question you want to know. So how to solve this is very easy. We know the formula. What is the formula? If we have written sine inverse x plus cos inverse x. If we have written this then its value is 5 by 2. If we have written sine inverse x plus cos inverse x then its value is 5 by 2. Is it clear? Now this thing we have written we can write it like this. We can write 4 sine inverse x as 3 sine inverse x plus sine inverse x. We have written 4 sine inverse x as 3 sine inverse x plus 1 sine inverse x. We have written cos inverse x is equal to pi by 2. Sorry if we have written pi then we have written pi. I think you should be clear till here. Let's move forward. If we move forward then see here the value written here. This formula is related to this. We can write pi by 2 instead of this. We will write 3 sine inverse x here plus pi by 2. Is equal to pi. You transfer this to the right side. We have written 3 sine inverse x is equal to pi minus pi by 2. We have written 3 sine inverse x. If we subtract pi from pi then how much will we get? We have written pi by 2. Have you understood everything till here? Have you understood everything till here? Rohit are you clear till here? Actually I can't hear you. Here I have written sine inverse x is equal to pi by 6. Here I have written sine inverse x is equal to pi by 6. Here we have written 1 by 2. Here we have written x. Now we will put this x as required value. What is the required value? We have to find out the required value of sine inverse x plus 4 cos inverse x. Actually we have to write 1 by 2 instead of x. Here we have written sine inverse 1 by 2 plus 4 cos inverse 1 by 2. Here we have written sine inverse. Here we have written 1 by 2 sides sine 1 by 2 its value which is cuad記得 Most 0. Here we have written sine 0 by 6. Here we have written sine 1 by 2 sine 5 by 6. Here we have written positive sine by 6 which is toolkit vector. so 6 is equal to 6, so here only pi will be left so here only pi will be left plus here 3 is equal to 6, so here only 8 pi will be left so here only 7 pi by 6 will be left now we will leave it here so if we want to compare it with the value so if we want to subtract 2 pi, we will write 2 pi minus 5 pi by 6 so we can also mention it like this so is it clear to you? no sir, it's clear so if it's clear, you can end the session so if it's clear, you can end the session