 can anybody please answer the call?" Answer the call!! Call heor tower , answer the call!! Which question? The same question you sent me? Arren, prepare 250 ml of Mx20 solution of ferrous ammonium sulphate which is called as MorSalt We have to solve this only Ok, let's see how it will be solved First of all, If you don't know the formula of MorSalt, I will write it down This is our solution This is our MorSalt Its molar mass is 392 gm per mole Ok Arren? Ok Arren? Now see Required volume is 250 ml Mx20 Means Required volume is 250 ml Means 0.25 liter And required Molarity is Mx20 Means 0.05 m Ok? Now we will move forward Using formula If we use formula in this Then see Mass equal to Molarity into Molar Mass into volume Ok? So move forward 0.05 x 392 x 0.250 So move forward When we calculate this I will tell you after calculating 4.9 gm This is done What is this? Mass What is the question? Prepare this much Ok? So now we have to Talk about this In a practical way We have to make this How much ml? 250 ml of Mx20 solution This much Means we have to make this How to make it? So now you have to write Procedure step by step So I will write step by step and tell you Yes sir What are you saying? Yes sir, it will be good Ok, ok, I am writing See, I am writing it I will write in other color Pro Seager To prepare The solution Ok First weight 4.9 gm Of More salt Using a Digital Valence This Digital valence, you know Have you ever been to school? Yes sir, I have never been to school I have never been to school Ok, no problem You have to read for the board So remember the simple step This is important portion Ok? Transfer the Weight I will write You can understand English But tell me the step in which you will get stuck Ok? Clean Vicar Means we will put our weight In a clean vicar Ok? Then add Add about 100 ml Of Disease Dull Water And Steel And Until Completely Dissolved Now you will ask Why did you take 100 ml Of this portion Right? But see When you go to practical lab You will be told that What is it called? When you use it 100 ml of water is used to dissolve Ok? Till you see practical You will not understand cross question So when you go to school You will be told to do it Ok? Yes sir Now we will add 2,3 ml of Dilute H2SO4 What is the name of H2SO4? What is H2SO4? H2SO4 H2SO4 What do you call H2SO4? How is it called? How is it called? The The Dilute H2SO4 What does it mean? To dissolve it in water Yes, to dissolve it in water What do you call H2SO4? Concentrated Transfer the solution I am writing all the steps So that you can Write it in a copy before the exam So that you can understand it Understood? Into a 250 ml Volume Madrid Flask Using A funnel This question came from your practical exam This question came from your practical exam So use all these words So that you can get marks Don't forget all these words Now after this Arrange the Vicar And Funnel With Dizzy Tilled Water And Add The Arrange To the Volumetric Flask It seems like a new word From a step Ok, divide it 6 steps, 7th Now in the last 7th Fill the Volumetric Flask Up to the 250 ml Mark With Dizzy Tilled Water Ok, now the last step Will be Stopper The Flask And Shake Wheel Shake wheel To Ensure Uniform Means, we close it And mix So that everything is Uniform So this is the total step From which we will do this And we did this calculation Because we have to get the mass The formula mass We have to get the mass and use it So that how much We put in a vicar It will be closed Now remember some tips Tips Tips What to remember tips Adding H2SO4 When We make it Adding H2SO4 Is Crucial To prevent Means, it is very difficult To keep it properly Prevent Oxidation Of Fe2 plus Ions To Fe3 plus Means, we have to keep it safe To prevent the oxidation Of the iron To prevent the iron Second Whenever you write in practical Then you must write this Ensure All Mint Is Clean And dry Before Starting This is very important line If you see it, you will feel That we have to do water pressure After this